d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\ChopBLL_API.dll.config
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\ChopBLL_API.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\ChopBLL_API.pdb
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\BLL.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Models.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Owin.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\BLL.pdb
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Models.pdb
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\obj\Debug\ChopBLL_API.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\obj\Debug\ChopBLL_API.dll
d:\Users\munaki\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopBLL_API\obj\Debug\ChopBLL_API.pdb
