d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\ChopApp.dll.config
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\ChopApp.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\ChopApp.pdb
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Owin.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\WebGrease.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\obj\Debug\ChopApp.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\obj\Debug\ChopApp.pdb
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\bin\zh-Hans\System.Net.Http.Formatting.resources.dll
d:\Users\munaki\Documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ChopAPI\ChopApp\obj\Debug\ChopApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
